hello guys it's matt from this fight and
today we have the unboxing of the w/e
got 17 it's long starring for long whip
the videos before I start justjust we
haven't had time to do my exams are
finished now so videos will be come up
just as normal as they are so get off of
that subject this services the box of
the Glock 17 I'll go through my birthday
which is a few days ago and it costs 199
pounds 100 quid 9999 loss is a fourth
generation rock clock series from w/e is
see pretty much as a concern with en but
tiens plastic and these are got a metal
slide that's the only difference really
between them they like metal and plastic
then in a difference really other than
they're probably over there are
different components as well but there's
no external difference entirely as
different as externally this big in turn
these big difference is externally there
isn't much other than the maps lied on
the w/e obviously all clocks at the same
and TM have to do it because of laws in
their country because they know they
have to pay a feed make metal guns he's
stupid so yeah getting once with this to
the box really we go so yeah w/e i do
love w/e pistols there are on my
favorite brand of pistol in the box and
there we hit we have the w/e manual in
here tell me how to use it really pretty
short man let's be honest of that we
have the price tag just to say it was 99
pounds focus on that you can see that
it's 99 pounds there and we got
something in turn I didn't get mine and
darker as you can see did for the dark
earth look you do get on the gin falls
only and one sack of actually get out ok
you get some back pistol grip black
plates that go on the back which can be
bigger or smaller depending on how big
your hand you should you get two of
these doesn't actually come with one on
it cut this kind of two ones on my on
our already as you can see I can zoom in
as you can see one of these plates is
already on there makes it just presents
seen its better in my hand if i have it
on so you've got some other place we
have the little pins that go through
here to hold the plate in place you've
got 33 pins ones already into don't need
that so just leave them yeah one thing
is 26 round magazine for metal magazine
full green gas magazine w/e own brand
obviously this w pistol you also get the
most amazing part pistol and that darker
that I said and does not come in white
markings on the side i just put some
white on there for it full metal slide
own difference between really external
eternity n ones and the Toby ones that W
want to have a full metal slide and the
TM ones are full plastic so if you want
a bit of metal one it might give it over
a white nwe it seems better I learn
about the ten shoot people say to him
shoot better but then the w/e you look
better and this was I prefer this one so
yeah so yeah that's really unboxing on
it really guys I split stuff back you
can see so I'll just cops in their cup
clock up all the way back
back into left hey guys that's really
the unboxing of the Glock 17 but w/e
thanks for watching so if the weight
again a of the videos and but i'll see
you guys later we might have it we will
ever reveal this coming this weekend
hopefully or if it up now and check it
out but we will have a review on this
row seat and a shooting test i'm also
have a review of the double eagle dr
shotgun they earned some more shooting
tests coming up very very soon and some
more unboxings coming up for you guys so
yes stay tuned surf the white should
outline you should be starters not
walking and thanks for watching and see
you guys later this is ben mal goodbye